PoC of colocating canton/splice components in a single JVM (#77)
digital-asset/cn-quickstart: README.md

## Topology

> This diagram summarizes the relationship of services that are started as part of `make start`. The two core services `canton` and `splice` contain multiple logical components inside. The `postgres` service contains multiple databases required by QS services. One `nginx` service is used as proxy for all QS services that needs one except for `keycloak` that has its own `nginx-keycloak` as it needs to be ready before other services start. The focus of `Canton Network Quickstart` is to provide a development environment for App Providers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This diagram summarizes the relationship of services that are started as part of `make start`. The `canton` and `splice` services are configured to serve multiple logically separate components (each component represented with a box in the diagram) from a single container to reduce resource consumption. Similarly the `postgres` service contains multiple databases required by QS services. One `nginx` service is used as proxy for all QS services that needs one except for `keycloak` that has its own `nginx-keycloak` as it needs to be ready before other services start. The focus of `Canton Network Quickstart` is to provide a development environment for App Providers.
```

Just a suggestion in an attempt to clarify further - feel free to use/adapt/reject.
